Tutorial - To set up a Kali Linux VM on a Mac M1 machine using UTM app: 

1. Install the UTM application: 
    Go to https://mac.getutm.app/ and click on Download.
    Open UTM.dmg and follow the installation steps.

2. Go to https://www.kali.org/get-kali/#kali-installer-images.
   Install the Apple Silicon ARM64 Kali Linux Installer.

3. On the UTM app, click on File -> New

4. Click on 'Virtualize' 

5. Choose 'Other'

6. Click on Browse, and choose the installer installed by you (.iso image)

7. Choose your hardware configuration (Allocating memory from 3048 to 4096 MB is recommended for smooth operation).
   Let the number of cores be set to default.
   Set the storage size of VM (16Gb to 32GB recommended).

8. Review the Summary and Save, and then open VM setting by clicking on the settings icon on the top right.

9. Under Devices, click on New -> Serial. (this installs the terminal so we can use console mode for installation).

10. Start the VM.
    You will see two screens: One for the Regular installation and one for the terminal installation. The second one is the one we need. You can ignore the other.
    Choose and select Graphical Install.
    Choose your settings to your preferences.
    Choose your hostname 
    Skip Domain name
    Enter and set full name, username and password.
    Choose timezone.
    For partition disk, use 'guided-use entire disk', unless you want to encrypt your hard drive.

11. In software selection, we want to go with default and install Xfce (Kali’s default desktop environment). 
    Leave the rest of the options checked so Kali tools get installed too.
    Wait for Kali Linux to install in UTM.

12. Once the installation is complete, DO NOT BOOT THE MACHINE; instead, close this window and the VM. 

13. Remove the installation media (The ISO Image), so you can boot into the new system rather than restarting the installation.

14. In settings, remove Serial from Display.

15. Boot the Kali Linux Machine for the first time and log into the user you created before.

16. To enable copy-paste between the VM and host machine:
    Go into a terminal and type this command:
    sudo apt install spice-vdagent spice-webdavd

17. After installation is complete, restart your Kali Linux to save changes.
    

    

   
